edition-archive-frontend/content/index.md, before:

::Rows
#gpo
  :::ContentCard
  ---
  img-href: /images/card-back-lettre-pape.png
  card-title: Gallia Pontificia online
  link: gallia-pontifica-online/
  card-class: active
  cc-author: "BVMM"
  cc-source: "https://bvmm.irht.cnrs.fr/iiif/24100/canvas/canvas-2415694/view"
  cc-licence-text: "CC BY-NC"
  cc-licence-link: "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/deed.fr"
  ---
    ::::LanguageSection{fallback=de}
    #de
    Die »Gallia Pontificia« ist das Langzeitprojekt des DHI Paris.
    Sie wird zusammen mit der École nationale des chartes bearbeitet.
    Ihr Ziel ist es, sämtliche früh- und hochmittelalterlichen Papsturkunden,
    die für französische Empfänger ausgestellt wurden, zu erfassen und kritisch
    zu edieren.
    ::::
  :::
#lod
  :::ContentCard
  ---
  img-href: /images/card-back-golovkin-mikhail.jpg
  card-title: The Languages of Diplomacy
  link: http://qed.perspectivia.net/index.php?id=593
  card-class: not-active
  ---
  This special issue is conceived within gthe framework of a German-Russian research project “The Languages of
  Diplomacy
  in Russia in the Eihteenth Century in the European Context”
  (2022-2024).
  :::
#sovs
  :::ContentCard
  ---
  img-href: /images/card-back-sovjet.jpg
  card-title: Sowjetische Zeitzeugen
  link: soviet-survivors/
  card-class: active
  ---
  Diese Website versammelt die ersten aufgezeichneten Stimmen
  von sowjetischen Überlebenden der NS-Herrschaft.
  :::
::

Commit message:

Many improvements and changes
* Use the official nuxt language module
* Updated Nuxt version and fixed some compiler erros
* Added configuration for directus (a headless cms) to docker-compose
* Added CMSPage component to load content from directus
* Added Login form to login to directus from the portal
* Added TinyMCE to edit directus pages
* Rework language so there is only one language selector in the page
* Use the browser language for inital language selection
* Added DynamicCompiled Component to allow usage of custom tags in
  CMSPages
* Added component to tinymce which alows adding custom links
* Changed log4j to the backend to write the logs in docker logs folder
* Stored new data to import in the import folder
* Stored cms data in the import folder
* Reworked person and places so there is no "smart" guessing included in
  the import
* Added support for viaf gnd and other pids
* Added icons to the the person and places index
* Improved dekretalen display
* Changed search so it works with year numbers instead of dates
* Added facet for Spurium and Deperditum/historiographische Notiz
* fixed sorting in handschriftenverzeichnis

edition-archive-frontend/content/index.md, after:

::Rows
#gpo
  :::ContentCard
  ---
  img-href: /images/card-back-lettre-pape.png
  card-title: Gallia Pontificia online
  link: gallia-pontifica-online/
  card-class: active
  cc-author: "BVMM"
  cc-source: "https://bvmm.irht.cnrs.fr/iiif/24100/canvas/canvas-2415694/view"
  cc-licence-text: "CC BY-NC"
  cc-licence-link: "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/deed.fr"
  ---
    ::::LanguageSection{fallback=de}
    #de
    Die »Gallia Pontificia« ist das Langzeitprojekt des DHI Paris.
    Sie wird zusammen mit der École nationale des chartes bearbeitet.
    Ihr Ziel ist es, sämtliche früh- und hochmittelalterlichen Papsturkunden,
    die für französische Empfänger ausgestellt wurden, zu erfassen und kritisch
    zu edieren.
    #en
    The »Gallia Pontificia« is the long-term project of the DHI Paris.
    It is being developed in cooperation with the École nationale des chartes.
    Its goal is to collect and critically edit all early and high medieval papal
    documents that were issued for French recipients.
    ::::
  :::
#lod
  :::ContentCard
  ---
  img-href: /images/card-back-golovkin-mikhail.jpg
  card-title: The Languages of Diplomacy
  link: http://qed.perspectivia.net/index.php?id=593
  card-class: not-active
  ---
  This special issue is conceived within gthe framework of a German-Russian research project “The Languages of
  Diplomacy
  in Russia in the Eihteenth Century in the European Context”
  (2022-2024).
  :::
#sovs
  :::ContentCard
  ---
  img-href: /images/card-back-sovjet.jpg
  card-title: Sowjetische Zeitzeugen
  link: soviet-survivors/
  card-class: active
  ---
  Diese Website versammelt die ersten aufgezeichneten Stimmen
  von sowjetischen Überlebenden der NS-Herrschaft.
  :::
::
