## Germany’s War of Annihilation
Germany’s attack of the Soviet Union on June 22, 1941 marked the onset of the most monstrous war of conquest, enslavement, and annihilation known to modern history. Code-named “Operation Barbarossa,” the invasion was planned in such a way as to ensure that every single German soldier became a conscious agent of the Nazi war of annihilation. This war would be unlike any other, Hitler believed, because it would be fought against Nazism’s mortal enemy, “Judeo-Bolshevism.” Military orders issued in spring 1941 commanded an army of several million conscripted men to adapt their conscience to the laws of Nazi racial ideology. To prevail against the Soviet enemy who was described as criminal, cruel, and barbaric, German soldiers were ordered to disavow the international norms of warfare to which they felt bound fighting elsewhere in Europe.

The German troops who carried out the June 22, 1941 attack widely embraced the Nazi fantasy about the Soviet Union as a Judeo-Bolshevik terror regime. As they entered Soviet homes the first question soldiers posed to frightened residents was: “Jude, Kommunist?” Individuals that appeared to fit either category would be taken away and executed. Within weeks of the invasion, German security forces began to exterminate thousands of Soviet Jews as supposed agents of Bolshevism. Instantly deadly toward Jews, German wrath against the enemy in the East extended further. It also targeted non-Jewish communist officials along with millions of Red Army soldiers, most of whom were believed to be “infected” by Bolshevism. Moreover, German forces killed countless Soviet civilians, in keeping with Hitler’s explicit orders to shoot dead anyone “who even looked askance”. Millions of other Soviet citizens suffered physical abuse and humiliation as forced laborers for the Germans.

As the Germans sought to pulverize the Communist order, their policies and methods had the unintended opposite effect of actually revitalizing the Soviet war effort. Soviet witnesses in Kharkov, Smolensk, or Minsk were shaken by the violence that they witnessed or personally experienced. Many had suffered at Stalin’s hands, and at least some longed for liberation by the Germans who had a reputation of being “cultured” and benign. But seeing how the German-instituted “New Order” translated into organized plunder and violence, along with untold humiliations inflicted on locals who were reduced to servants, slaves, or prostitutes, prompted even erstwhile critics of the communist regime to redirect their moral compass. Nazi rule rekindled older Soviet loyalties among some, or made others aware of their Soviet identity for the first time. Many Soviet civilians under Nazi occupation ended up welcoming the Red Army as their liberator. Most of the interviews presented on this site were recorded in the moment of liberation. They reverberate with powerful emotions and stark memories of the experience of Nazi occupation.

Further readings: xyz
